Docs: Migration guide updates for Angular Initializer changes in v7 (#29397)
storybookjs/storybook: MIGRATION.md

The `parameters.angularLegacyRendering` option is removed. You cannot use the old legacy renderer anymore.

#### Angular: Initializer functions

Initializer functions using the `APP_INITIALIZER` dependency injection token only run when the component renders. To ensure an initializer function is always executed, you can adjust your `.storybook/preview.ts` and invoke it directly.

```js

> myCustomInitializer();

Reviewer: I'm trying to initialize some services, which would normally happen during the APP_INITIALIZER stage in the main app

> myCustomInitializer();

Reviewer: Ok figured it out - looks like the solution was use `applicationConfig` instead of `moduleMetadata`

> #### Angular: initializer functions
> 
> Initializer functions that use the `APP_INITIALIZER` token only run when Angular components are rendered. To ensure that an initailizer runs whether or not Angular components are rendered, call the function inside `preview.js`:
> 
> ```js
> myCustomInitializer();
> export default preview;
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
#### Angular: Initializer functions

Initializer functions using the `APP_INITIALIZER` dependency injection token only run when the component renders. To ensure an initializer function is always executed, you can adjust your `.storybook/preview.ts` and invoke it directly.

```js
myCustomInitializer();
export default preview;
```
````
